    I had a bit of trouble picking what neural network to use. Unsurprisingly most are for python not c++. I orignially tried pytorch as it had a c++ binding and I knew it was popular. However, its supported build system was cmake while OF uses make. I couldn't figure out how to get the two to work togethor so I looked for a new library. I found FANN which is considerably simpler and I got it to compile with OF relatively easily and got an example app running.

    Pong is now almost done, the only thing left to do is find a way to diplay the scores larger and there is still some weirdness with bouncing the ball off of the paddles. The hardest part was hit detection and calculating the angles for bouncing the ball off the paddles. Graphics and IO were both surprisingly simple. Everything else wasn't too bad jsut a lot of boilerplate.

    You can now play against a simple AI that is randomly generated. At first I was trying to store the fann object with a unique ptr but that was being weird. I  figured I can store all of them in a vector anyways so I now just allocate them on the stack. There is a bug in fann that doesn't let you use the default method to define your network so I have to use the function that takes an array of layer sizes. Unfortunately I couldn't find a way to seed the random number generator used to initialize the network.

    AI offspring creation is now working correctly, this library for neural networks is kinda garbage, multiple times there have been some methods that are just broken or segfault when you call them. Some of my methods have to be written in a particular way to work around this.

    Training is now actually getting decent results. My problem was primarily with the random number generation. I was creating a new generator everytime I needed a random number instead of repeatedly calling the same generator. Each object now has one generator that all random requirements use. I adjusted some training parameters as well to try to optimize reults. I also added toggleable quick training and you can now see what generation it is while quick training.